is really the ultimate experience is a
combination of so much hard work that
attention to detail which really makes
such a big difference the drama the
tactics the excitement this strategy we
really have got to the heart of the
sport
we've had two really successful games
launched already enough for Formula One
when you're evaluating what to do in the
next installment you really want to
improve on everything that's there the
aim for the 2012 game is to make more of
a complete f1 experience at the start of
the game now we've got the young drivers
test it's a real test that exists in
real life it's set in Abu Dhabi in 2011
and you get a chance to drive either the
Red Bull the Ferrari Elan McLaren it
really gives those up-and-coming drivers
truck time to really kind of showcase
their talents and it is wonderful that
were over to copy the elements to happen
on those real young driver test sessions
in their Formula 1 2012 game I remember
my first test was a Red Bull Racing at
the end of 2007 and you know even three
years later the people around me at the
test still remember the job that you did
you know so that the first impression
really is important people still talk
about the first time Louis tested at
Silverstone for McLaren and you know so
it is a hugely important day for a for a
racing driver I think coach masters have
done a super job giving regular people a
proper insight into what a Grand Prix
car is like the hot lap videos you see
these kind of things on TV all the time
and we're using Anthony Davidson and X
Formula One driver he's really just
directing you on what makes a good luck
so it'd be pointing out the braking
points of things you should be watching
out for if it's a double apex the sort
of line you should be taking this is
kind of just giving you that fundamental
information that you need in order to
get to a new circuit understand it very
quickly and enjoy the most fun
formalin games are very fast always have
been in the past but what we've tried to
do is enable the player to try it
consistently we've put a lot of time
it's working in the pad to help the
player control the car at speed we're
not all Fernando Alonso's of this world
we make mistakes so rather than just
hitting the pause menu and restarting
the race you've got the abilities where
to rewind time and just get to a point
before the incident and just try it
again certainly for the novices in terms
of learning race in lines and avoiding
incidents they were a really useful tool
the thing that differentiates Formula
One from all other Motorsports is the
strategy elements being able to make the
right call at the right time you might
not be the quickest driver you might not
have the quickest car but you can
balance the elements you've got fuel
mixtures you can dial up and dial down
you've got different pit stops do you
stop twice do you try and run longer
it's thinking man's racing game
you